---
layout:     post
title:      浙江省2019-2020学年高三第一学期嘉兴测试概要写作题目+答案
subtitle:   试卷
date:       2020.10.05
author:     追殇
header-img: 
catalog:   true
tags:
    - 试卷
---


## 题目

**第二节 概要写作**

**阅读下面短文，写一篇60词左右的概要。**

Did you know that 60.2% of US families
own dogs? That's over 75 million
families. Besides getting a faithful
companion, these friends also provide
many health benefits that can be truly life
changing for your fitness and wellness.

Most dogs need to do their business
outside many times per day, so you are up
and moving more often than non-pet
owners. The average dog owner spends
300 minutes per week walking, compared
to a non-pet owner's 168 minutes.
Frequent daily exercise lowers your blood
pressure and reduces your chances of
suffering from heart disease.

Your physical health isn't the only thing
that gets better with a companion dog.
You can also improve your mental well-
being. People suffering from anxiety find it
helpful to have a dog on hand that's happy
to provide assistance. You can find many
dogs operating as emotional support
animals, and help people in stressful
situations feel better.
If your dog is a more
active type, you could find yourself taking
your friend all over the place. If you take
your dog to the forest, you actually lower
your tendency to suffer negative 
feelings. A research study discovered that
the part of the brain that is most active
when you deal with negative things calms
down when you spend time among the
trees.

The dog ownership routine allows you to
build healthy habits and it also gives you
the opportunity to make social
connections. Dog parks are filled with
people you share a common interest with,
and there are plenty of people who love to
give dogs a friendly pat during
walks. All of these are opportunities to
have new great friendships and other
emotional connections.

Your doctor might not write down a dog
prescription, but when you
become a dog owner; you get plenty of
health benefits.

## 答案

Many US families have dogs and these
companion animals help improve people's
health in many ways. 
Taking the dog for a walk every day
contributes to physical heallh.Besides, dogs, which can offer people
emotional support or get them close to
nature, bring psychological benefits. They also provide
mare chances of positive social interaction
with people of the same interest.